[Music]
very good family How are you? Well I'm
getting better little by little Well
so that no one has found out Well I've
been here for a couple of days now that I've had
a fever It's hit me
really bad It's not Kobe I thought it was
Kobe because the truth is I felt
trampled like a truck I mean bad bad bad
bad one of these that makes your body
really bad high
fever 39 fever
but no no no I chose my throat my
throat for almost every year around
this time it usually hits me and when it hits
me The truth is that it's left me It's
left me weak It's left me weak
The truth is that it's hit me It's hit me
really hard But anyway We're
getting better little by little We're
fighting And above all I'm seeing
that there are a lot of things to talk about And I
can't be without talking about things I'm
climbing the walls Well let's see Let's
talk about a topic that we've
mentioned a few times and
apparently Well Diego is shaking
David but he hasn't shaken  wasp nest and
the truth is that it stirred it up a little bit
for my taste And now I'm going to
explain why not here we have a
news story from informalia in which they
inform us echoing Diego's live stream
that Fidel Albiac is preparing a
battery of lawsuits accused of
being unfaithful to Rocío Carrasco well Diego
Arrabal the other day lifted the
blanket no with this business of
Fidel's lawsuits lifted the blanket saying that
well he knows firsthand that there will be
consequences we are still
waiting for other lawsuits and other things
that Diego Arrabal had confirmed to him and
so far we have no news of
it but well
sueable yes it would be okay things
as they are sueable yes it would be And I've
been saying that since the first
time I saw a youtuber stating this
type of things in the titles no that by the
way Diego Arrabal what he did was the
other day in his live stream that look that I
congratulated him because I said I'm glad how good No
the truth the truth of his separation the
guy gives you This title and this thumbnail
and then in the live stream it starts at an
hour and a half  to talk about the subject after an hour
and a half he starts talking about the subject
little by little he says two sentences he puts on
music he says another two sentences I put music on again he starts
reading the chat I
mean it's desperate It's normal that then
at the moment that the people I mean he was
with 9 and 10,000 spectators at the
moment that people see the smoke Ah he gets
revenge See you later the moment he sees
that he has nothing to say boom
4,000 people left suddenly no and well pay
attention to what Diego Arrabal announces he is
going to take is taking legal action
those media that are
relating him with Anabel Dueñas watch he is not
separated it's a lie totally a
lie but a lie lie lie and he
will take legal action against those media that
have already assumed that he is allied
with Anabel Dueñas And this is not me
making a drawer and taking out this information I
can imagine where this
information comes from well let's see Diego Arrabal
has also used Look this is a
thumbnail of Diego Arrabal from three
months ago and in a totally more
lamentable way okay Diego Arrabal has also
played with the titles Diego  arrabal
has also played with the covers and
the headlines here I'm putting one
three months ago but I could get
some more okay Rocío Carrasco Fidel
albiac breakup okay This video is
regrettable because This video what it does
is take a Seer to a Seer, that is to
say a Seer for me I don't know I respect
who they believe well no Let's see I can't
respect who believes in that okay I mean
a Seer for me it's as if you
believe that the Three Wise Men come to your
house
okay a Seer is as if you believe that
when your tooth falls out and the
Tooth Fairy comes okay I mean this is like
the master Joao who has lined his pockets in
Costa putting cards and telling
people Their future okay I mean and Diego
arrabal take Use this headline and
this thumbnail to say that well that
Rocío Carrasco and Fidel are going to cut
because a Seer says so okay I've
been checking my channel a little bit and
on my channel they play with the
headlines with with the with the chicha no
but then always within the content of
the video always  I have maintained that no,
that they are together, that these rumors are
inconsistent, that there is no
indication to think anything about Anabel. And that
then I, for my part, am
completely calm, okay, the things
that I have put in my headlines are
true, rumors of a breakup, the rumors of a
breakup. Look, Diego, they have been going on for three or
four months.
Because you are all spreading the
rumors, no, and outside of Madrid, not outside of
Madrid, that they are putting this thumbnail. Yes, yes, he
is outside of Madrid. Fidel is with
Fidel, he is with Anabel in Plasencia for
work, okay, Fidel's secret trip,
Albiac caught, if you continue, they are traveling,
they are in Plasencia on a
work trip, okay. I always deny both the
breakup and
his relationship with Anabel. I have always said
that it seems crazy to me. That they are
simply friends and we have to start to understand
that a man can be friends with a
woman, okay. But well,
I imagine that they will go for headlines like
this, no, that This is a medium that is not
a medium. This is a medium that must be some
kid posting nonsense, no, and he says this
type of things. No, I have also been checking
the headlines on
our website, okay, although I am not
responsible, let's say because I am not  I write
on it yes I am the owner so at the
moment I play something that I don't like I
delete it okay if I had to sue
someone of someone who writes on this
page they have to sue the person
who writes no I mean this is as if
the owner of YouTube had to be
sued because I put my foot in it in a video you
understand this platform is mine
with another person But the one who writes is
the one responsible for what I upload so
the most I can do when I see
something that I don't like is to delete it No and I've
been reviewing it because there are many
famous people who write to me there are many
famous people who send me an email or
contact me To ask me something something
about something that has been written there
then I always more or less
attend to them because I like to be cordial with
people and polite no but the
truth is that what I've seen the
headlines that I've seen regarding the subject
are always according to the youtubers who have
said things about this subject not according to the
blogger referred to Juan Carlos and here
something that Enrique said in a video
I was watching some videos there are
some better ones there are some worse no let's
see I watch most of it a  a little bit of nonsense
As for getting into lawsuits, I see it as a
little bit of nonsense, I've seen
a lot more nonsense on YouTube that should be
sued before this, okay, that doesn't
mean you can't sue whatever you
want, but man, a month or two ago we were
talking about
three other YouTubers who should have been
sued for
much stronger things that they were
saying, even about Fidel doing things
at night to Rocío Flores, I would be
very surprised if they were going to sue for
this nonsense and not that it is
susceptible to a conviction, eh, I mean, I'm not
taking away any weight from the falsehood, but what is being
talked about according to
what I've seen is not an
infidelity because Diego Diego says that there is
talk of an infidelity, the rumor, what
I understand to be the rumor is that
they would have separated and that Fidel would have
played Anabel, that would not be
infidelity, okay. But
anyway, it's false. I've always maintained
that it's false.
So for my part, I'm calm,
everyone has to fix their things and
that  take responsibility for what
each one has said, no Rose, damn it, for her part, she
denied it last night on the
program and it makes me laugh a lot because
this comes from the internet, she is very aware
of the things that are said about them
on YouTube channels, a lot of
separation
[Applause]
from the digital world María Patiño eh To
have consequences
María Patiño who is super pissed off by
the digital world María Patiño is
super pissed off with the YouTubers with
Twitter and with everything that is not
Telecinco where they can reach and
manipulate how she knows that the
YouTube channels are exposing her and all
the tweeters are with us Okay, well she
is super pissed off and by the way she
mentioned another very big nonsense that we are
going to comment on in another video
but pay attention to what María Patiño says
eh Look, it seemed to me that we Where did it
come from, well, well, digital flight that is
going to have consequences for you
from the digital world that is going to have
consequences and I'm telling you, eh, I'm very sorry
María Patiño you are going to have consequences
with the Malaga posters and
you are going to have consequences with all
the things that you are accusing Antonio
David of that later in court no, no, you don't
declare okay family  I'm telling you, for
my part, I've been taking a look, I'm
watching it. Let's see if I've made a mistake in any
video, but I'm telling you the things that I
put in the headlines and in the
thumbnails are real. I mean, no, I'm not putting
any defamation or any lies.
Now, whether you understand it differently
or if it catches your attention for whatever reason
is the problem of the one who receives it within
the video, I always tell the truth, like I'm lying. I
don't think this is true
and so on in my environment,
in my environment such. So, I do
n't know what the others have done
because I haven't been able to review all the
videos, just taking a quick look
and I don't know who they could be referring to
because the truth is there are many channels that have
done more than speculate, so well,
if it's true that measures are being taken, well, we'll
see. Okay, forgive me for my
voice, I'm not one hundred percent there yet and I would
like to tell you this. And well,
you guys say in the
comments box what do you think of this, of this
thing, a hug, family.
[Music]